{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs45 \cf2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Effective date: December 13, 2018\
Pazi kamera! ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Pazi kamera! mobile application (the "Service").\
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. \
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Information Collection And Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 Types of Data Collected\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Personal Data\
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-360\fi1080\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95 Location information\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Use of Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Pazi kamera! uses the collected data for various purposes:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95 To provide and maintain the Service\
\'95 To notify you about changes to our Service\
\'95 To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so\
\'95 To provide customer care and support\
\'95 To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service\
\'95 To monitor the usage of the Service\
\'95 To detect, prevent and address technical issues\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Transfer Of Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to \'97 and maintained on \'97 computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.\
If you are located outside Croatia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Croatia and process it there.\
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.\
Pazi kamera! will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Disclosure Of Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 Legal Requirements\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Pazi kamera! may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-360\fi1080\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95 To comply with a legal obligation\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\fi360\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95 To protect and defend the rights or property of Pazi kamera!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li-360\fi1080\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95 To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service\
\'95 To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public\
\'95 To protect against legal liability\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Security Of Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Links To Other Sites\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.\
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Children's Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").\
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Changes To This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.\
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'95\'a0By email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:pazikamerahr@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 pazikamerahr@gmail.com}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb120\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}